[AUDIO LOGO]
>> This week on Gaia.
On Beyond Belief
with George Noory.
>> Before I knew it, I
was in another dimension.
I felt this presence
behind me and I
heard, "are you ready to die?"
My body was being held by God.
>> Wow.
>> They said, "you need to go
back but you're going to have
a gift."
And so that really
opened my mediumship up.
>> On Open Minds
with Regina Meredith.
>> They're talking about what
the soul of a human on Earth is
evolving into and warning us
of some of the ways that we
don't want to go.
By all means, look
up and look out.
But they say the Earth
is coming online in ways
that we have never experienced.
>> Oh, that's exciting.
>> On Truth Hunter.
>> This specific group seems
to be on a kind of mission
in order to gain as many
profits as possible.
>> Profit?
>> Profit out of the situation
that Earth is facing right now.
Right.
>> On Cosmic Disclosure.
>> I wouldn't say that this
is true, that we're all AI.
I think the universe
has potential
to be AI, which is part
of this whole probability
and possibility thing.
And it's more kind
of a viewpoint.
And the universe itself
is much more than AI.
>> On the new Into the
Vortex with Jimmy Church.
>> The amount of sunlight
reflected from it changed
by a factor of 10
as it was tumbling.
So that made it quite
unusual because it
meant that it had a very
extreme shape just like a piece
of paper tumbling in the wind.
But if you think about it
as an artificial object,
you might think that it's trying
to look in all directions.
>> Like many ancient
civilizations,
the Maya appeared in Yucatan
seemingly out of nowhere when
a star in the Pleiades by
the same name was seen rising
before the Sun around 3100 BC.
But a number of recent
underwater discoveries
tell a very different story.
Around the coast, mile
after mile of tunnels
reveal a world
submerged by rising seas
at the end of the Ice Age.
In these tunnels were
found human remains
and Maya artifacts proving
that a culture was already
established here
6,000 years earlier.
The name Maya means
"water people."
Perhaps it is a clue
to their true origin.
According to the sacred
book Chilam Balam,
the ancestors of the
Maya arrived by boat
in 9600 BC from a large
island to the East
called Atol or Atitlan, where it
is said, "the waters swallowed
the source of wisdom."
A catastrophe destroyed
their island home,
forcing its divine
survivors to sail west.
This is their story.
>> New series.
>> We're going to put one
foot in front of the other,
moving through life onto
the edge of the unknown.
>> Only on Gaia.